I hope you enjoyed this course and to
help you complete it I want to make sure
that there are few course resources that
you know about first if you have any
questions or you want to discuss
anything with the classmates or the
teaching staff including me or if you
want to file a bug report the best place
to do that is the discussion forum the
teaching staff and I will be monitoring
that regularly and this is also a good
place for you to get answers to your
questions from your classmates or if you
wish try to answer your classmates
questions to get to the discussion forum
from this course home page if you look
at this menu bar on the left you also
might look a bit different than mine but
they'll do this discussion forum tab
which gives you click on gives you to
the discussion forum the best way to ask
questions is on the discussion forum but
it for some reason you need to contact
us directly or let us know about some
problem feel free also to email us at
this email address I promise we will
read every email and we'll try to
address commonly occurring issues
although depending on the email volume I
can't guarantee that we'll be able to
reply promptly to every email but we
will read every email than you send
next I know that there are other
companies that wish to train maybe large
numbers of employees with deep learning
if you're responsible for employee
training in your company and would like
to train a hundred or more employees
with deep learning expertise please feel
free to get in touch at this email and
we'll see if we can help you we're just
in the early phases of developing the
university academic program but if
you're a university instructor or a
university administrator interested in
offering a deep learning course at your
university please feel free to contact
us as this email address though I hope
that gives you more resources to
complete the course maybe I'll see some
of you in the discussion forums and best
of luck